You could take a look at the TODO list at http://cvs.sourceforge.net/cgi-bin/viewcvs.cgi/quantlib/QuantLib/TODO.txt?rev=HEAD&content-type=text/vnd.viewcvs-markup

The project roadmap is available at http://quantlib.org/html/overview.html,
the planned extensions at http://quantlib.org/extensions.html

The latest QuantLib code is available through CVS (more on that below).

Feel free to post to quantlib-users@lists.sourceforge.net your development
ideas, contribution and sample code. To submit a patch would be the easiest
way to get quickly your contribution into the QuantLib source code tree.

Please read the Programming Style Guidelines
(http://quantlib.org/style.html), subscribe the QuantLib mailing lists
(http://sourceforge.net/mail/?group_id=12740), and take a look at the
QuantLib site (http://quantlib.org) and project page
(http://sourceforge.net/projects/quantlib).

To keep up with the QuantLib development - so that your contribution will
apply to the latest source code tree - you will need to familiarize with
CVS: it's easy to get started, see http://quantlib.org/cvs.html

If you would like CVS developer write access please get yourself a
SourceForge account/username at http://sourceforge.net/account/register.php,
then let me know your username.

You will NEED a SourceForge account if you plan to get really involved. In
this case you might also need a few dev tools: please read the Developer FAQ
file (http://quantlib.org/FAQ.html), especially the part about CVS.

General SourceForge documentation is at
http://sourceforge.net/docman/?group_id=1 and you can login to your
SourceForge account at http://sourceforge.net/account/login.php

I would also suggest you take a look at our QuantLib Enhancement Proposals
http://quantlib.org/quep.html: if you plan some large contribution you may
want to write one before you start coding. It will be a very useful effort
since it will be re-cycled as documentation when you actually implement your
ideas.

Assuming that you own the copyright of the code you will contribute I see no
problem: you just have to use the QuantLib license.
Anyway I may be forced to ask for a disclaimer from your employer, because
of possible conflicts of interest.
I'm not really picky about legal matter, but I think you can understand my
concern: I don't want someone to step out 2 years from now claiming
copyright infringements, etc.

This is a long list of suggestion, not requirements: the QuantLib team can
help you on any issue, don't let details stop you.

Thank you for you interest, I look forward to your contribution

ciao -- Nando
